Update alerts-overview.md (#123646)
Azure/azure-content: articles/azure-monitor/alerts/alerts-overview.md

Alerts can be stateful or stateless.
- Stateless alerts fire each time the condition is met, even if fired previously.

> - Stateful alerts fire when the rule conditions are met, and will not fire again or trigger any more actions until the conditions are resolved. Stateful alerts aren't fired if there's already a fired alert on a specific time series. This is the case even if more than one stateful alerts have been applied on different scopes for the same condition, for example scoped on resource level and resource group level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Stateful alerts fire when the rule conditions are met, and will not fire again or trigger any more actions until the conditions are resolved. A stateful alert isn't fired if there's already a fired alert on a specific time series. If, for example, there are 2 alert rules with the same condition, but one has a scope at a resource level and another alert rule has a scope at a resource group level, and an alert is triggered in a time series for one of those rules, the other rule will not trigger an alert until the first alert is resolved.
```

> - Stateful alerts fire when the rule conditions are met, and will not fire again or trigger any more actions until the conditions are resolved. A stateful alert isn't fired if there's already a fired alert on a specific time series. If, for example, there are 2 alert rules with the same condition, but one has a scope at a resource level and another alert rule has a scope at a resource group level, and an alert is triggered in a time series for one of those rules, the other rule will not trigger an alert until the first alert is resolved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Stateful alerts fire when the rule conditions are met, and will not fire again or trigger any more actions until the conditions are resolved. 

Each alert rule is evaluated individually. There is no validation to check if there is another alert configured for the same conditions. If there is more than one alert rule configured for the same conditions, each of those alerts will fire when the conditions are met. 
```
